README.md, before:

# Organizations API

## To have installed:

- Python 3.X

  ```
  https://www.python.org/downloads/
  ```

## Install requirements

Create a Python Virtual enviroment, and change to the directory
requirements

For only development dependencies

```
pip install -r development.txt
```

For only production dependencies (In this case dependecies like django-debug-toolbar don't be installed)

```
pip install -r production.txt
```

## Enviroment

```
Create .env, please use  envsample content and change for your own
```

The variable DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE in .env defined the enviroment to run
the Project

For development

```
DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=config.settings.development
```

For production

```
DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=config.settings.production
```

## How to run app

```
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py collectstatic
python manage.py runserver
```

## How review API contracts documentation

```
python manage.py runserver
Navigate to /swagger
```

## How run tests

```
python manage.py test api
```

Commit message:

Update doc with initial_data command

README.md, after:

# Organizations API

## To have installed:

- Python 3.X

  ```
  https://www.python.org/downloads/
  ```

## Install requirements

Create a Python Virtual enviroment, and change to the directory
requirements

For only development dependencies

```
pip install -r development.txt
```

For only production dependencies (In this case dependecies like django-debug-toolbar don't be installed)

```
pip install -r production.txt
```

## Enviroment

```
Create .env, please use  envsample content and change for your own
```

The variable DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE in .env defined the enviroment to run
the Project

For development

```
DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=config.settings.development
```

For production

```
DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=config.settings.production
```

## How to run app

```
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py collectstatic
python manage.py runserver
```

## Fixtures / Population initial data

This create initial auth groups Administrator, Viewer, User
Different organizations and users
At least one known user to test the API that you can used after this command executed is
email = admin@admin.com
password = admin123

For inserted additional data navigate to Django Admin

```
python manage.py initial_data
```

## How review API contracts documentation

```
python manage.py runserver
Navigate to /swagger
```

## How run tests

```
python manage.py test api
```
